---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### Future Open Source Outlook

**Hello,**

This week we did one tiny git exercise where we had to discover the git flow. Needless to say, as a somewhat experienced git-user, it wasn't a challenge and went through quite smoothly. My team was very cooperative and I only have good things to say about them.

Something I have to address is what I think would be a good first open source contribution for me to do. I'm going to pretend like I haven't done anything and say that documentation would be a good first thing to do, since it is very useful for the community, and since you are going to be reading through the codebase, it sets you up nicely for code contributions. Documentation is very important and can't be taken lightly, but is often neglected for the sake of having something working. I think this would be a good first thing to do.

Another thing I have to address is what kind of a project I would like to work on. Last semester my team and I worked on an open source driver [CKB](https://github.com/ckb-next/ckb-next) for Corsair periferals for Linux and Mac OS operating systems. I think this semester I would like to try doing something else, such as a game. An open source game is a really great idea, since many people can come up with various aspects of the game, ultimately making it a melting pot of ideas. However, there is a ton of great open source projects to contribute to, such as Gnome and Firefox. I still think that [the double click on screen-saver to view the login screen](https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=788751) hasn't been implemented yet, so that could be something one could do. All in all, by the end of this semester I would like to have a successful pull request for a medium to large sized application with something impactful to that software. Working with a team last semester made me lax and I didn't contribute as much as I wanted, so I would like to change that this semester.

> Thank you for reading!
