---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

### Open Source NY

**Hello!**

Creation of a new open source project is not an easy task, but it's not something that the 7 of us can't manage. This week has been a long one, and there has been a lot of work done to further the project. So far we have:

- [Official OSNY GitHub Repository](https://github.com/opensource-ny/OpenSource-NY)
	- [MIT License](https://github.com/opensource-ny/OpenSource-NY/blob/master/LICENSE)
	- [Contributing Document](https://github.com/opensource-ny/OpenSource-NY/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
	- [Readme](https://github.com/opensource-ny/OpenSource-NY/blob/master/README.md)
	- *Code of conduct, issue template, and pull request template coming soon*
- OSNY Official Slack Workspace
- [OSNY Specific GitHub account](https://github.com/opensource-ny)
- Technologies we are going to use
  - Mainly Javascript
  - React - Express - Node - PostgresQL stack
- There are already issues and pull requests getting created, accepted, and closed. 

Currently, people not familiar with React are catching up and getting familiarized with the technology. I help out with questions whenever I can, but we have gained an outside contributor who is also helping out.

I'm currently working on the project's boilerplate, which will have all of the directories and scripts set up for a smooth development process. Since the starting point was very outdated, I think it will be best to write the application from scratch. There are a few reasons for that:

1. GitHub has its own api. Why use it through somebody else?
2. Having a dependancy on upkeep of another service may create problems going forward
3. Communications with extra services (beyond GitHub) adds time to requests, which may be limited depending on how often we want to update the information.
4. External services have access limits, on top of the GitHub's own 5000 api requests per hour. That may sound like a lot, but you have to remember that tracking even 10 active users may create mayhem with all of their pull requests (they cannot be batch requested).

All in all, I think it's advantageous to us to create many things from scratch. Besides, it will be a great learning experience.

Finally, I have an account issue rise up. I knew this may come some day, but I didn't think it would be this soon. I think I have to merge [`Chocolate-Spaghet`](https://github.com/Chocolate-Spaghet) with my actual GitHub account, [`Fioringo`](https://github.com/Fioringo). There's been too much hassle with switching between the two accounts. Originally, I thought it would be a good idea for me to separate my schoolwork from my own work on GitHub, so that one could actually see what I do on my own time and not mix that with the school work. However, after the winter bootcamp, the separation is no longer possible. I do like "Chocolate-Spaghet" name...

On another note 📝, earlier this week we had Patrick Masson from the Open Source Initiative talked about Work in Open Source. It was actually fairly informative, but not as surprising after Christos Bacharakis' talk. I feel like Microsoft made it certain that people thought that Open Source Software is "made by amateurs", which is opposite to reality. While there may be amateurs, most of the Open Source contributors are professionals. One thing that keeps surprising me is that companies pay their employees to work on open source projects, since that doesn't give direct profit to the company. If there's a simple way to show that open source projects are better than closed in house development, it would be wonderful for the company that I work for right now.

That is it for this week!

<!-- Insert 'thats it folks' clip here -->

> Thank you for reading!
