---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

### Open Source Definition Differences

**Hello!**

Well this has been a while...

Today we will be looking at the two different definitions, specifically the difintions of Open Source from [The Open Source Initiative](https://opensource.org/osd) and from [The Free Software Foundation](https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.html).

The main differences between the two definitions is that there's a different amount of bullet points and one is in green shades (a calm color, often associated with liberalism), while the other is in red (a more agressive color, commonly associated with socialism and communism). All fun and jokes aside, there are quite a few differences between the definitions. While the "Open Source" definition is more of rules to the licenses attached to the software rather than guidlines from the second definition from "The Free Software Foundation", the first one actually touches on several issues that one wouldn't normally think about when talking about software. I think the largest difference here is that "Open Source Initiative" declares that any person should be able to use the software. It is literally written out as a separate rule, apart from all others, declaring how serious they are about it. In comparison to the second article, it is not tucked away in the implications. Second largest difference is that the "Open Source Initiative" declares that companies should be able to use the software, which is also something most of the poeple don't think about when they are talking about Libre Software.

Speaking of Libre Software, I feel like that would be a better name than Free Software. It distinguishes itself from being being *Free* Software, which comes at no charge, with the *Free* Software, which is open source and is free to be used, modified, run, and distributed. The "Open Source Initiative" speaks way more about the derived works, and that if the license permits, one will be able to distribute the modified software. It also defines that the license put on the specific open source application should relate only to the said application. Both definitions make it a point that everybody should be able to see the source code, and that people should be able to modify and redistribute it.

In the end, both articles define Free Software. The Open Source Initiative makes and effort to define actual rules, while The Free Software Foundation defines more of what the rules should be like to the free software.

Contributing to open source projects is important, and this week it was Open Street Maps that we contributed to.

Open Street Maps is probably the easiest open source project one can contribute to. Almost anybody can contribute to this project, which is amazing if more people would contribute. By all means, the project is alive and well, it's just that not enough people contribute to it. It has all of the pontential of being the best map in the world, but not a lot of people know about it. I feel like popularizing it would help with more contributions and more accurate information for the map. Last time I contributed to OpenStreetMap I added a few restaurants and sidewalks. I think it is important to add sidewalks to maps since they could be used for better walking navigations from various map applications. It is more of an edge case rather than primary use, but it may be one of the more important ones. It would allow for better navigation in places where there are no sidewalks where one would expect, allowing for better route planning. This time, my contributions included a few cafes around Hunter College, and sidewalks also around Hunter. All of these contributions can be seen in my [Open Street Map account history](https://www.openstreetmap.org/user/Chocolate-Spaghet/history). I hope to make more contributions in the future. With that in mind, I was actually thinking about switching Myce over from Google Maps to Open Street Map since it seems to be much cheaper and more customizable. Either way, this is one of my favorite open source projects and I look forward to contribute more to the project.

> Thank you for reading!
