---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

### Issues with Issues

**Hello**,

This week we had to make issues to other peoples' blogs and fix our own! How wonderful it is!

I have to say, I don't have any issues with issues, but spelling mistakes? Yeah, I'm sorry about those. I guess I can't really blame English for being my second language since I've used it for a pretty long time. But, typos are typos and nobody is free from those. Putting double l's in places and misspelling words is always fun and with those out of the way I hope my blog looks great again! Thank you to all who have issued issues to me, you are of great help! Unfortunately for everybody else, my schedule this week killed any time and hope I had, so I couldn't make issue of other people's blogs. I will, however, make issues going on in the future.

Another even that happened this week is the [Open Source NYC meetup](https://www.meetup.com/Open-Source-NYC/events/258592674/), which was fun and enlightening. This meetup was the best! Although, *I've never been to another one before...* Nevertheless, the meetup was very informative about the new Open Source project coming up. I really want to be a part of this one, because it will allow me to see a higher ranking perspective on open source projects and a look at what happens when one start up. This project is also an opportunity to be mentored, which is something I want to use. In terms of what I have to offer to the project, I can proudly say that I have a pretty good handle on React front-end developement, and a pretty decent back-end skill set as well. I'm okay with working with ASP.NET architecture, but since this is going to be an open source project, they are probably want to use something that's not locked into Microsoft's full-stack ecosystem.

Since it's the time to decide on a project, I was thinking that Open Source NYC is a pretty good start, but I also want to explore other options.  

>Thank you for reading!
